the Rafa border the only Crossing
between Gaza and Egypt a Lifeline for
Palestinians even before the war a
connection to the outside world and
entry point for Vital resources since
Israel imposed a total Siege last year
it's become the only way out of
Gaza but even at the border between two
Arab states safe passage comes at a
price findings from an independent
investigation published by the French
news Outlet leemond show Egyptians pay
between $650 and $1,200 for an exit
permit other nationalities pay around
$3,000 but Palestinians have been
charged anything from
$4,500 to
$10,000 similar findings published in
the Guardian newspaper earlier this
month suggest this has been a common
practice at the Rafa Crossing for years
but it used to be $500 per person prices
have surged since October the
7th so-called travel agencies act as
Brokers at the border Palestinians say
everyone involved gets a cut including
Egyptian and Israeli government
officials the payments don't guarantee
anything some have lost everything in
scams Egypt says the allegations are
baseless the Rua Crossing is operated by
Egypt but Israel maintains overall
control of all people and goods going in
and out even before the war the UN
criticized both sides for a lack of
transparency while Israel hinders
efforts to get humanitarian Aid into
Gaza Egypt has long resisted opening the
Border fearing an influx of
Palestinians and although Egypt is a
vocal critic of Israel and is calling
for a ceasefire observers say it could
do more to relax controls at the Gaza
border where seeking Sanctuary has
seemingly become a lucrative business
for war profiteers Zayn basravi Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
aler